Update readme (#1)
KseniyaKuzmina/xtramap-getting-started-lesson-1-how-to-load-image-tiles-from-bing-maps-e5069: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E5069)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Map for WinForms - Load Image Tiles From Bing Maps

This example shows how to load raster image tiles from the Bing Maps imagery service and add a [mini map](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/17683/controls-and-libraries/map-control/visual-elements/mini-map?p=netframework) to the map.

![Resulting map](Images/resulting-map.png)

> Use the [BingMapDataProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraMap.BingMapDataProvider?p=netframework) to load Bing Maps tiles. You also need a key for working with Bing Maps. To learn how to register a Bing Maps account and create a key for it, refer to the following help topic: [How to: Get a Bing Maps Key](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/15102/controls-and-libraries/map-control/examples/general/how-to-get-a-bing-maps-key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [BingMapDataProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraMap.BingMapDataProvider?p=netframework) to load tiles from Bing Maps. You also need a key for working with Bing Maps. For instructions on how to register for a Bing Maps account and create a key for it, refer to the following help topic: [How to: Get a Bing Maps Key](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/15102/controls-and-libraries/map-control/examples/general/how-to-get-a-bing-maps-key).
```
